Update Android export and Gradle build pages for 4.7 (#12086)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/export/exporting_for_android.rst

-------------------------------

All new apps uploaded to Google Play after August 2021 must be an AAB (Android App Bundle)

> file. To export an AAB file you need to setup :ref:`doc_android_gradle_build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file. To export an AAB file you need to set up :ref:`doc_android_gradle_build`.
```
